hi to all, even today I go to
prepare snacks for children
that I have been requested is
of the kinder milk slice is a have
nina fresh genuine to propose to
our children and it's simple
realization will really be needed
very few ingredients to prepare it
let's see how it is done by
I will need 125 g of the dough
flour 125 g of sugar 25 grams of
bitter cocoa half a sachet of yeast per
sweets a sachet of vanillin 3 eggs
while for the filling it will take 200
ml of already sweetened vegetable cream I go
use this because once
mounted maintains more consistency
compactness a tube of milk
condensed and a generous spoonful of
honey or separate the yolks from the whites
now I'm going to whip the egg whites until stiff
I add a pinch of salt
as soon as the egg whites are well assembled there
I'm going to put in a container and in the
same container where a mounted
egg whites should be blended into the eggs I insert
to the yolks the sugar and to make them
fit better I also add two
spoons of boiling water
once you have whipped the egg yolks with it
Sugar'm going to sift the dust
flour, yeast and vanillin the
bitter cocoa I can go to insert the
flat powders or shaded off with
sugar
now I begin to insert the egg whites
whipped up
I took a coated baking sheet
of baking paper the size of 35
for 30
I'm going to insert the compound
I'm going to level once I
well distributed all the compound on the
I will put it in the oven
preheated to 180 degrees for 10 12
minutes
I prepare the filling by going to put the
cream the condensed milk just there
cream will be whipped I let it rest in
fridge
after the necessary time to pan di
spain is ready i let it cool
completely just the sponge cake yes
sa cooled I will go to equalize
edges so as to go to get gods
linear edges I'll go to even it
on the top if there are gods
meal swellings
now I'm going to split it in half
help me with a meter
I can start stuffing it
once done that I will cover it
with the other layer of sponge cake
going to exercise a slight
hand pressure so as to
equalize everything I am going to remove
excesses I can go there to put in
refrigerator to rest at least for
two hours before going to cut it and
here is another genuine and fresh snack
to propose to your children
the kinder milk slice
I hope this recipe is there too
A kiss was useful to all
next